wodeon  v1.8  MPEG-1 video player instructions  by omiokone

1. Install
  Copy an execution file suitable for the device CPU type to the folder like
  "\Program Files".

    execution file  CPU
    wodeon_mps.exe  MIPS R4000, NEC VR4000, Philips Pr31000, Toshiba TX3900
    wodeon_sh3.exe  Hitachi SH-3
    wodeon_sh4.exe  Hitachi SH-4
    wodeon_arm.exe  ARM, StrongARM, XScale(PXA)

  Use the special version in CE1.00 folder for the earliest CE1.0 devices such
  as CASIO A-11. If your device is CE1.01 or later, the normal one is better.

2. Start
  Before running wodeon:
    Close other softwares (at least for the first test). Do not forget cut off
    the PC connection like ActiveSync.
    Put off the screen tap and keyboard sound to avoid a conflict of audio.

  Controls              keyboard       hardware buttons
    function          (Handheld PC)      (Pocket PC)
    select file             O
    forward search     right arrow            Up
    play / pause      Space or Enter        Action
    backward search    left arrow            Down
    jump(seek)              J
    option settings         S
    exit                    X

    Backward search from the stop state is also operable when once the file is
    played to the end.
    Select or input directly hour/min on the jump window, and the play starts
    from specified time. Restart button starts the play from the beginning.
    The volume can be turned with comma/period keys (,.) on Handheld PC.

3. Option settings
  Video Enable    video decoding is available when checked on.
  High-rate       refresh rate for typical MPEG files
    on            10 pictures/sec (decoding I and P pictures)
    off            2 pictures/sec (decoding I pictures only)

  Audio Enable    audio decoding is available when checked on.
                  (Audio must be off for CE1.0 devices)
  Stereo          Enable stereo audio for stereo datas.

  Display
    B&W           4/16/256 levels and other monochrome
    color         256/4096/65536 and other colors
    Select a display specific mode if possible, as "other" mode is slower.
    Use "B&W 4" on CE1.0, as "B&W 4 fast" does not work.

  x 2             magnify a screen twofold when checked on.
  Rotate          rotate a screen when checked on.
  Hide
    Bar           hide a taskbar (navigation bar) when checked on.
                  (unavailable on CE1.0 devices, a taskbar is always hidden)
    Buttons       hide buttons on the screen during play when checked on.
                  (tapping a screen or ESC key (on Handheld) restores buttons,
                   play after pause hides buttons again during play)

  Audio Delay     adjust to synchronize video and audio according to response
                  speed of the display.

  Endless         play repeatedly when checked on.
  Large Buffer    enable to play high bitrate files when checked on, although
                  this requires about 300Kbytes of excess memory.
  Uninstall       normally off (refer section 4).

4. Uninstall
  Check on Uninstall option and press OK, then close wodeon. This erase registry
  settings. Now delete wodeon execution file.

  Note: wodeon uses registry key "HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\wodeon".

5. Net stream function
  Files on remote servers can be played by specifying URL.
  Your device must have a net access (i.e. PocketIE works).

  Escape from Open file window by pressing a X button, and Open URL window comes
  out. Enter URL beginning with http:// (like http://www.xxx.com/test.mpeg).
  The play is as a local file, although search/jump functions do not work.
  Use Large Buffer option if possible.
  You can cancel 'connecting' by pressing any key (HPC) or any hardware button
  (PPC).
  Proxy is not supported.

6. Plain playlist
  Make a list of files with folder names one for a line using PocketWord or an
  editor, and save this as xxx.pls (xxx is arbitrary).
  If you use PocketWord, save this as a text file and rename it.
  Open this and wodeon plays the listed files in order.

  example of a list: \Storage Card\My Documents\yyy.mpeg
                     \My Documents\zzz.mpeg

7. Specifications
  MPEG-1 file type:       system stream (elementary stream not supported)
  maximum picture size:   352 x 288
  audio encoding:         layer II (I and III not supported)
  maximum file size/time: 4Gbytes/4hours
                          (the file which exceeds these limits can be also
                           played, although search/jump functions do not work)

  I and P pictures are decoded. B picutures are skipped.
  Half pel (1/2 dot movement) is not processed.

8. Trouble shooting
  Insufficient CPU speed cause an intermittent play, a time lag between video 
  and audio. Try followings.
    Check off High-rate, Stereo, and x 2.
    Check off Audio Enable and play video only.

  If "input buffer overflow" error occurs, try "Large Buffer" option.

  You can play files other than MPEG-1, elementary stream type and too high
  bitrate by converting them with some video converter software like TMPGEnc.

9. About charityware
  If you are pleased with this software, make some charity payment to "Vaccines
  for the World's Children" in your country or other charitable organizations.

10. Others
  Wodeon is "as is" software for my own study and I will not warrant and support
  this.

  You can freely copy and redistribute wodeon for non-profit purpose. Hand over
  wodeon as the whole zip file with the manual and source codes.

  Special thanks to 
  Youto Tokishiro who tested for color display devices.
  Yoshiki Komatsudaira who advised on and tested for the earliest CE1.0 devices.
